development-updates.md, before:

# Development Updates

## Table Of Contents

> Add yours to the TOC if it isn't here already

- [Development Updates](#development-updates)
  - [Table Of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [kevinbogner](#kevinbogner)
    - [Update #1](#kevinbogner-update-1)
    
  - [Mario](#mario)
    - [Mario: Update 1](#mario-update-1)


## Contributing

If you are participating in the program, you should be posting or aggregating
your development updates in this document.

- Create a new H2 heading section with your name.
- Add it to the [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- Keep the overall list of people sorted alphabetically.

## kevinbogner

Development updates from [`kevinbogner`](https://github.com/kevinbogner)

### kevinbogner: Update 1

[Update #1](https://hackmd.io/@lODlsf2CR9uWlyIyEdjjPQ/HkeQ_Qnfi)

## Mario

Development updates from [`Mario Havel`](https://github.com/taxmeifyoucan/)

### Mario: Update 1

> Research for estimating 

[Week 1](https://notes.ethereum.org/@MarioHavel/merge-ttd)

Commit message:

dev update: jsign week 1
Signed-off-by: Ignacio Hagopian <jsign.uy@gmail.com>

development-updates.md, after:

# Development Updates

## Table Of Contents

> Add yours to the TOC if it isn't here already

- [Development Updates](#development-updates)
  - [Table Of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [ignacio](#ignacio)
    - [Update #1](#ignacio-update-1)
  - [kevinbogner](#kevinbogner)
    - [Update #1](#kevinbogner-update-1)
  - [Mario](#mario)
    - [Mario: Update 1](#mario-update-1)


## Contributing

If you are participating in the program, you should be posting or aggregating
your development updates in this document.

- Create a new H2 heading section with your name.
- Add it to the [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- Keep the overall list of people sorted alphabetically.

## ignacio
Development updates from [`jsign`](https://github.com/jsign)

### Update #1
[Link to Update #1](https://hackmd.io/@jsign/cohort-tree-update-1)

## kevinbogner

Development updates from [`kevinbogner`](https://github.com/kevinbogner)

### kevinbogner: Update 1

[Update #1](https://hackmd.io/@lODlsf2CR9uWlyIyEdjjPQ/HkeQ_Qnfi)

## Mario

Development updates from [`Mario Havel`](https://github.com/taxmeifyoucan/)

### Mario: Update 1

> Research for estimating 

[Week 1](https://notes.ethereum.org/@MarioHavel/merge-ttd)
