notes/alpesh.md, before:

# alpesh

## Introduction

I am Alpesh, a final-year PhD Student at Royal Holloway, University of London. My research focuses on the exploitation of security flaws and design-time assumptions by extortionware and ransomware, and the remediation of those issues. My early work focused on leveraging secure enclaves (SGX) to protect ransomware keys from anti-ransomware software (e.g., Paybreak), in the interests of highlighting the lack of depth in contemporary anti-ransomware approaches [1]. This has since evolved into a body of work that includes Ethereum Proof-of-Stake validators as potential targets for next generation ransomware.

[1] Bhudia, A., O’Keeffe, D., Sgandurra, D., Hurley-Smith, D. (2021, August). RansomClave: Ransomware Key Management using SGX. In The 16th International Conference on Availability, Reliability and Security (pp. 1-10) - https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.09470.pdf

## Research Interests

My primary interest in joining the program is to investigate how the current protocol could be improved such that it allows validators whose keys have been compromised to perform a key update (before withdrawal functionality is enabled as part of the Shanghai upgrade) without having to exit.

### Updates
I'll aim to update my progress on a fortnightly basis. A high-level summary is below while more detailed updates can be found at [here](https://hackmd.io/@alpesh/SyTasizro)

Week[1]: Review the recommended reading list

Week[2-3]: Contact mentors and finalise the project

Week[4-5]:

Week[6-7]:

Week[7-8]:

Commit message:

project update - alpesh
I have updated the git to include hackmd page which includes all my weekly updates.

notes/alpesh.md, after:

# alpesh

## Introduction

I am Alpesh, a final-year PhD Student at Royal Holloway, University of London. My research focuses on the exploitation of security flaws and design-time assumptions by extortionware and ransomware, and the remediation of those issues. My early work focused on leveraging secure enclaves (SGX) to protect ransomware keys from anti-ransomware software (e.g., Paybreak), in the interests of highlighting the lack of depth in contemporary anti-ransomware approaches [1]. This has since evolved into a body of work that includes Ethereum Proof-of-Stake validators as potential targets for next generation ransomware.

[1] Bhudia, A., O’Keeffe, D., Sgandurra, D., Hurley-Smith, D. (2021, August). RansomClave: Ransomware Key Management using SGX. In The 16th International Conference on Availability, Reliability and Security (pp. 1-10) - https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.09470.pdf

## Research Interests

My primary interest in joining the program is to investigate how the current protocol could be improved such that it allows validators whose keys have been compromised to perform a key update (before withdrawal functionality is enabled as part of the Shanghai upgrade) without having to exit.

### Updates
I'll aim to update my progress on a fortnightly basis. A high-level summary is below while more detailed updates can be found at [here](https://hackmd.io/@alpesh/SyTasizro)

Week[1]: Review the recommended reading list

Week[2-3]: Contact mentors and finalise the project

Week[4-5]: First meeting with the mentors to discuss the project scope and deliverables

Week[6-7]: Define the project scope and discuss the specificaitons in more details with the mentors

Week[8-9]: Start analysing the PySpec for Capella and understand how it works

Week[10-11]: Implement the proof-of-concept validator pubkey-change features on top of Capella Specs

Week[12-13]: Write test cases for the implementation to perform sanity checks

Week[14-15]: Review the implementation with the mentors and work on the feedback received

Week[16-17]: Wrap up the development and start working on the report/presentation
