notes/jayesh.md, before:

# Jayesh Bhole's notes

Hey folks, this is [Jayesh Bhole](https://github.com/jayeshbhole), an undergrad student at IIIT Pune and a web3 builder. I've been working with EVM compatible web3 projects/ideas for almost a year and half through various hackathons and projects.

## What I am interested in?

By nature, I am a generalist and it's difficult for me to have very specific inclinations. I am a relentless builder though, so I am always trying to figure out the next task at hand.

In this cohort, I am interested in working on the UX and frontend of the 4337 Wallet proposed by Garvit Khatri. I have always liked creating good user experiences and I hope I can contribute to this project in that regard.

## Notes

Below are the notes & links that I will be collecting during my research, the date format is [dd.mm.yy]


### [13.11.22] Getting started with the UX design
<details>
<summary>...Read More</summary>
I have started working on the UX research and design of the wallet.

I am considering the following points while designing the UX:
- The wallet onboarding should be as abstracted (pun intended) as possible. The user should not have to worry about the underlying implementation of the wallet.
- The UI should be similar to those of web2 wallets and trad-fi applications so that new users getting into the ecosystem can easily understand the flow. There should be a balance between the familiarity of the UI and the newness of the technology.
- The wallet should be able to handle multiple accounts and should be able to switch between them easily.
- The transaction history and data should be presented in a more understandable way. 
- Ways to declare and add paymasters should be provided to the user.
- The designs should reflect trust and security that the EIP-4337 proposes.

UI Design: [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/oM7MjvlOTO6L1vjZ6BxTH1/hex-wallet?node-id=2%3A3)

UX Design: [Figjam](https://www.figma.com/file/GASw8N72JnozdT2FxIlLgA/Wallet-design-flow?node-id=0%3A1)
</details>

Commit message:

update #2 - ETHIndia and Panda Wallet

notes/jayesh.md, after:

# Jayesh Bhole's notes

Hey folks, this is [Jayesh Bhole](https://github.com/jayeshbhole), an undergrad student at IIIT Pune and a web3 builder. I've been working with EVM compatible web3 projects/ideas for almost a year and half through various hackathons and projects.


## TOC

- [What I am working on?](#what-i-am-working-on)
- [What I am interested in?](#what-i-am-interested-in)
- [Notes](#notes)
    - [12.12.22 Panda Wallet - ETHIndia conclusion](#121222-panda-wallet---ethindia-conclusion)
    - [13.11.22 Getting started with the UX design](#131122-getting-started-with-the-ux-design)


## What I am interested in?

By nature, I am a generalist and it's difficult for me to have very specific inclinations. I am a relentless builder though, so I am always trying to figure out the next task at hand.

In this cohort, I am interested in working on the UX and frontend of the 4337 Wallet proposed by Garvit Khatri. I have always liked creating good user experiences and I hope I can contribute to this project in that regard.

## Notes

Below are the notes & links that I will be collecting during my research, the date format is [dd.mm.yy]


### [12.12.22] Panda Wallet - ETHIndia conclusion

<details>
<summary> I have summarised the experience here:

- [Panda Wallet - ETHIndia Summary Blog](https://hackmd.io/@EZ6AnsZARi2WKg6SZ6BlDg/B1WtufCws)
- [Panda Wallet - Devfolio Submission](https://devfolio.co/projects/panda-wallet-698f).
- [UI Designs](https://www.figma.com/file/0BqUhbNQ7xxqaaqujbNXHo/Wallet?node-id=162%3A22386&t=nIf5uhv0l28VPLPM-1)

...read more
</summary>

I have been working on the Panda Wallet project for the ETHIndia hackathon. The project was a web3 wallet that was built on top of the EIP-4337 standard. The wallet was built using the Infinitism repositories and [Demo AA - by plusminushalf](https://github.com/plusminushalf/demo-aa).

We were successful in adding social recovery to the wallet and were able to deploy the wallet on the Mumbai testnet. The primary focus of Panda Wallet was to focus on the UX and take multiple reviews on the UI, which we did. We also had some discussions with the ETHIndia partner judges to get their feedback on the wallet and some of the multi-device flows that we were ideating on.

</details>


### [13.11.22] Getting started with the UX design
<details>
<summary>...Read More</summary>
I have started working on the UX research and design of the wallet.

I am considering the following points while designing the UX:
- The wallet onboarding should be as abstracted (pun intended) as possible. The user should not have to worry about the underlying implementation of the wallet.
- The UI should be similar to those of web2 wallets and trad-fi applications so that new users getting into the ecosystem can easily understand the flow. There should be a balance between the familiarity of the UI and the newness of the technology.
- The wallet should be able to handle multiple accounts and should be able to switch between them easily.
- The transaction history and data should be presented in a more understandable way. 
- Ways to declare and add paymasters should be provided to the user.
- The designs should reflect trust and security that the EIP-4337 proposes.

UI Design: [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/oM7MjvlOTO6L1vjZ6BxTH1/hex-wallet?node-id=2%3A3)

UX Design: [Figjam](https://www.figma.com/file/GASw8N72JnozdT2FxIlLgA/Wallet-design-flow?node-id=0%3A1)
</details>
